The syntax for If-Then condition instrucution is as follows:

IT{p{q{r}}} condition

Where: 
p gives the condition switch for the second instruction in the IT block
q gives the condition switch for the third instruction in the IT block
r gives the condition switch for the fourth instruction in the IT block
'condition' gives the condition for the first instruction in the IT block
The condition switch for the second, third and fourth istruction in the IT block can be either:

T:Then. Applies the 'condition' to the instruction.
E:Else. Applies the inverse condition of 'condition' to the instruction

The operation of IT instruction makes up to four following instructions conditional.The conditions can be all the same, 
or some of them can be the logical inverse of the others. The conditional instructions following the IT instruction form the IT block.
The instructions in the IT block, including any branches, must specify the condition in the {condition} part of the syntax.

REASON:The reason for the errors in the given code snippet is because of the following instructions in the IT block are not conditional.

ITTTE LT ; or N != V
MOV R3, #0x100
MOV R8, #0x200
MOV R7, #0x200
MOV R6, #0x200
As we can see in the above code snippet MOV instructions are not conditional.

EXCEPTIONS:Exceptions can be taken between an IT instruction and the corresponding IT block, or within an IT block.
Such an exception results in entry to the appropriate exception handler, with suitable return information in LR and stacked PSR.

RESTRICTIONS:The restrictions when using an IT block are:
1. A branch or any instruction that modifies the PC must either be outside an IT block or must be the last instruction inside the IT block like
  ADD PC, PC, Rm
  MOV PC, Rm
  any LDM, LDR, or POP instruction that writes to the PC
2. Do not branch to any instruction inside an IT block, except when returning from an exception handler
3. Each instruction inside the IT block must specify a condition code suffix that is either the same or logical inverse as for the other instructions in the block.